Vibe Coding Test: Using the included json file, build in Python using a local web framework of your choice (RICH, Gradio, React, JS, etc.) or any combination of those, to render individual static pages for each of the five books represented in the JSON file, including their subchapters. Make the pages work in a local browser (they can fetch images from the remote server at brightlearn.ai), in a visually pleasing manner with good navigation, and any other features you think might be relevant. Translate the summary of the book that appears on the book home page into Spanish, French and German, and display small flag icons of those nationalities near the book title on the book index page, and when the user clicks one of the flags, have the correct translated summary of the book appear. (You do NOT have to translate the entire book text, just the book summary description which is a few hundred words.) Importantly, this is NOT a one-time job.

Create a local folder called "batch-process" and when I drop another .json file into that folder, using the same format and field names, your code should process that json file and render the static pages in the same format and add to a local "rendered" folder. You will need to use a remote LLM of your choice for the language translations. All images are provided, and all text is provided. Ensure basic browser compatibility with Brave browsers on Windows. Once you are done, post your code to a public github repo and provide us with the github URL so that we can pull the code and test it locally. Assume Python 3.12 and Windows naming conventions for handling file paths and slashes. For the LLM translation component, build in rate limit detection (429), re-tries, recovery from disconnects, etc., and accouting for thinknig tokens of modern LLMs, and use a user prompt that demands the LLM reply in a strict JSON wrapper, and make sure your code validates the JSON before accepting it. If JSON is bad, attempt a JSON repair, and if that fails, then a retry with the LLM. Add any additional error detection, robustness, logging or other features necessary to make the code run smoothly. Indicate which LLM you are using for coding this project.